The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah. I wish he really did say that, that line while, while he was president.
Oh yeah, come on. I mean, that would be hilarious if you did that as president,
what would everybody do? Go, you're not allowed to do that, sir. Right?
You are right now.
The president do not do not. Cus that's kinda like a,
but I think that like when he tweeted at Kim Jong UN and called him little
rocket, man, that was hilarious. That was so funny. That was hilarious.
That was just plain funny. Well, he goes.
Did you see the one tweet? He goes, I don't know why Kim Jong UN said I was old.
I would never say he's short and fat. <laugh>.
That's like a return to like a, it's like a comic. Yeah. That's like a,
I don't smack the go to your work. It smack the Dick outta your mouth.
Like the exact same thing that worry. Yeah.
That is it. That's so funny. But I mean, the fact that he just like, this was,
this is the president saying this it's funny. Like it's hilarious.
But meanwhile, Kim Jong UN now wants to sign a peace.
Treaty. They wanna meet. They're gonna meet. They're gonna meet.
Yeah. He DIDNT. Nobody wanted to meet with him before.
I know everybody's like there's too.
Dangerous. Oh, never call him short and fat. I would never,
I try so hard to be his friend and maybe someday that'll happen. Yeah. See, he.
He on you shows you the consequences of you with him. And then he.
Opens up the door, by the way, that's kind of what we do anyway. That's like,
what friends do that? You like you on each other. And then you're like, dude,
I love you. It's cuz I, maybe.
Someday that will happen. Oh, well I try so hard to be his friend <laugh> guy.
Come on, man. This look, I'm not, there's a lot of things. This guy does wrong,
but he is entertaining. It's very entertaining. There's no,
never been a more entertaining president. Not even close. No,
he is the grand champion. Oh. Of being entertaining.
As long as he doesn't blow us up and he gets out without getting in the box,
like, uh it's it's highly possible. He doesn't make it outta this one alive.
But if he does, yeah, he.
Gets through the whole thing. I think he's gonna be good. You think so?
I think he'll be fine. Let, lemme say this.
Whether it lasts four years or eight years and look at all, these,
a lot of liberals are like what? Never, never, whether it lasts Trump,
never Trump. If it lasts four or eight years,
the one thing they'll that we will all say will look back on. We'll go, man.
That's crazy.
It took that thing for us to talk about a lot of things like the me too
movement. Yeah. Would've never happened if Hillary got office.
Ever. Um, yeah, it would've sure. I don't think so.
Harvey Weinstein got exposed. That's the Harvey Weinstein, but I.
Think were, were tumble effects of what happened with him. I.
Agree too. But I think it all helped in together.
I I'm just saying like, I bet you,
the Harvey thing wouldn't have been so real that Hillary got in.
Cause cause all the liberals that condemned all the liberals,
like all the liberals that called out people like Harvey and everyone in our
business, they would've been so gleeful of this Hillary thing,
I think that would've still been like, uh, well we'll covered it up.
Like we've been doing for the it's not, it's not,
but it's not like it just started it's going on. Why now? Why they.
Suppress stories before? Because they, they got these people to suppress.
I don't, I just didn't think the power of social media is just.
Expanded. I think, I think the timing was perfect with Trump.
I think I'm just saying like, I, I think so too.
I think those things led to it just being like right. That's it.
We have to do something about, I think it was definitely a factor,
but I bet you, it wouldn't have happened so fast with Hillary.
I bet that would've been a longer road. Oh yeah, dude.
I don't know because liberals would've gotten exactly what they wanted. The.
Only way it would've been a longer road is because Weinstein supported Hillary's
campaign. That's.
What I'm saying. That is possible.
They're all part of the same because there was.
A lot of photos of them together of him with Obama. Dude. He's got photos with.
Everybody.
Yeah. Him just hugging up on all these people that call him a monster now.
Yeah. Doing the thumbs up. They're all.
He's a God like Meryl Streep saves a God.
Yeah. A godsend. That's the same thing.
But that's the same thing with Trump though.
Like how many celebrities you see with pictures of Trump? It's hysterical.
People are die. Hard liberals that are like,
they asked me to the apprentice buds and.
All that.
They asked me to do the apprentice when I was doing the sec can round a fear
factor. Fear. No.
Way.
I don't wanna live in New York for three months. <laugh> that's you?
My kid was one of my, my youngest kid was very young. Who was gonna be on the.
Show? I don't know. You have no idea.
I would love to see who you would've gone up with. Dude.
Would've been so Dennis Rodman, noncompetitive.
I would've been highest. to have a good time.
I would've tried to come up with a good idea. And if it did and work out.
Yeah, yeah. But you would've won. That's why? Cause you didn't care.
What are you gonna do? Yeah. The people that care that's who that's, who loses?
I.
Don't know, man. I cared so little that I probably would lose.
I think you'd win. I probably would barely win, win, paying attention.
The person that's like, nah.
But don't you have to be good at business. I'm terrible at business. Like.
You see some of the people on that show, they just they're all wing it.
Don't no, I mean like who they cast on it. They w it it's like whoever they get,
this is.
I've seen literally 13 seconds of that show and it's all clips you're fired.
You're.
Fired. Got fired. That's the best clip you're fired.
You're fired. I just, I don't get you're fired. I just did.
Just didn't seem like a fun.
Job, Joe. I wish you came on. You're fired. I would add McDonald's with.
You. Hmm? I don't eat that.
I do eat yours. Eats.
Fried chicken with fork and knife, dude.
That's this he's a, he's a comic act. He is a comic act.
<laugh> he is a cartoon.
He's an odd human that's for sure.
Do you think he's gonna run again a hundred percent.
Right, dude, he's gonna win again. A hundred percent. He's gonna win again.
Yeah. Wow. And I'm not saying like,
of course there's people that are probably like. Do you know what is his dude?
I.
Just,
you need to come to my Boyle hearts gallery and see my never Trump exhibited
that was burned to the ground by Mexicans. How ironic Nazi.
Coffee. I just think, I think he's gonna win again. I just do.
I think unless the Democrats can pull something together in the next year and a
half, two years to someone that actually is like a formidable component. Well.
My activism is going to prevent that.
I just, I just think he's gonna go again. He.
Might. I see. Especially if some look,
if he's smart and he clearly is a very clever man, if he's a clever man,
it's entirely possible that he's got one round in the chamber for like right
around six to eight weeks out before the election.
One thing where he like,
lets something happen or goes down and he has the perfect solution to put out
that fire, man. He's good to go. They plan that stuff, man. Totally man.
They absolutely it's people working on it right now.
The moment you get into office, they're trying to keep you in office. And.
Sometimes people die. sometimes people die. People die. Yeah.
Sometimes people die and he is just, Hey, what are you gonna do?
What is this president? Joseph Marines ago? What'd he say? He wants.
Soldiers in space. He wants to create a space force.
Oh what.
Dude. Yeah. What did he say? Let's shoot up. The traditional.
Strategy for space recognizes that <laugh> space is a war fighting
domain. What? Just like the land, air and.
Sea. I don't like the way he says this. They.
Even have, and sea space force. They even have us space, space force.
We have the air force.
Space, space force. We have the space force. We have the army, the Navy,
we have the Navy and a space force.
So what he does is he has a bunch of buddies that make spaceships.
So what he's gonna do is they make a deal, make a nice deal, make a nice deal.
We sat down,
we cut a nice deal and they're gonna take another $4 trillion and pump it
into the space force. And then they're gonna,
they are gonna wear like Luke Skywalker outfits. Right?
They're all gonna wear some sort of crazy space suit. That looks dope. Yeah.
And we're gonna be all on board. Yeah. Space, warm space board, dude. Tight.
Can you imagine if we start seeing like overhead, like we're in the sky,
a button with like at a,
in a night sky and you see like rocket chip flying back and forth. So cool.
Part of that.
Uh, the Tesla thing, so cool. They were showing the us air force,
some maneuverability thing, whatever that was like the last hour of the,
the test,
the experiment was showing them something that they could do that wasn't really
being talked about. Cause the.
Elon must shoot in that car in the space is so funny. Trump.
Must make so many people nervous in other countries like this,
like just have him talking about it. Space will,
are just this just talking so flippantly.
I think a lot of, a lot of people in not other countries like him,
I think they're, I think they're enamored by his,
his just complete disregard for rules. I think people love that.
He just doesn't give a. You.
Think so? I think, I think so. Totally.
Most countries are terrified that guy know is running America.
I think like our friends do, but I think the,
the majority of the other countries that don't give a about us are like that.
Guy's great. <laugh> I think our friendly countries, you know,
like England I'm sure is like, he's a nuisance, you know? But I think,
I think countries that don't give a about us are like that.
Guy's hilarious that guy's a weirdo.
Space war. Imagine we had space war with Russia.
It would be, that would be awesome. It'd be a great movie. Like.
How do we stop a war from breaking out? Who, who,
who was gonna stop a war from breaking out? Nobody it's like,
it seems like they just keep pushing each other.
Like someone's gonna throw a sucker punch. Yeah. It's gonna happen. Oh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Talk to <inaudible>. Yeah, let's do it. Yeah.
And then finally.
They're in the hallway. They're pushing each other, right?
No one wants to step to the left. We keep.
Hitting one or two books of each other's hands.
Yeah. And it's always right there. It's always right there.
Then finally someone takes the hit. Yeah.
I mean it could easily happen with some little banana Republic. Right.
That could start it off.
Some crazy dictator in Venezuela or some totally could send a missile
at some other dude and him up. And they're like, oh, is that we're doing now.
And then we back this company and then the Russians back, the other guys.
And next thing you know, at old JS a millionaire and we're in a war.
I mean, which the we're so weird about war. It's like,
we accept the fact that war exists. But only when it's not near us.
Not really interested in war, that's close. Can't be here.
Like we have war in Afghanistan. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But that's inevitable.
But war over here is like, no, no way, no way. None of my land. You can't,
we don't. But if we're gonna have war over here, I.
I hope we can contain it to like, you know, like North Dakota,
somewhere where I'm not near. Yeah. Some.
Weird spot, some.
Spot where we're like, dude, fight in the middle where there's not a lot.
Of go over the spot. You can have that area go fight right here. Yeah.
If we fight right here, it would be good.
Would be the one like we all designated. This is the place we meet.
We each other up what's date. Huh? Connecticut. Connecticut. Yeah, for sure.
Nobody would cry. Nah,